docs: fixes KeptnApp reference in getting started (#2172)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/_index.md

## Step 14: More control over KeptnApp

> We need to create the `KeptnApp` in order to define all workloads and checks associated with the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize workloads and checks associated with the application, we can edit the autogenerated KeptnApp or create our own.
```
